This is a guide to understanding the functionality of all the controls of Master Controls and all of their unique requirements.

Unit Information
-   Edit the Unit Standards
    1.  Edit the Unit's Expected Set of Issued Items: Will redirect you to another page where you edit the amount of equipment that should be issued to each user.
    2.  Edit the Unit's Q Store Contacts: Will redirect you to another page inquiring you to modify the Q Store contacts for the unit. Specifically the contacts for the RQMS and the QM.
    3.  Edit the Appointment's Access Levels: Will redirect you to another page inquirying you to set the access levels as according to their appointments. Please note that any individual set to be in the QM PL is given Q Store access by default unless they are given admin access by their appointment.

-   Other
    1.  Edit the Predefined Sets: Clicking on a button will redirect you to a page inquiring you to modify the predefined set. The values submitted are the values for which the set will be set for.
    2.  Upload server state: Takes a .zip file that was created with the download function and makes the server become the same as it was when the .zip file was created with the same data.
    3.  Download current server state: Will download a .zip file that contains the state of the server at that time.

Modify Users
-   Automated Tasks
    1.  Refresh All Access Levels: On click, this function will iterate through ALL users and based on their appropriate access level, as defined by their appointment, will re-assign the set access level. This is useful for correcting corrupt data.
    2.  Graduate All Cadets: On click, it will increase all cadet's year level value by 1 (except for officers for who have a year level value of 0). Ensuring that this is kept up to date is useful for keeping track of any cadet record for whom has left the unit and fell through the administrative cracks.

-   Manual Entry
    1.  Add User: Will redirect you to another page, inquiring you to insert the value of the new cadet.
    2.  Remove User: Will redirect you to another page, inquiring you to select the record to be deleted.
    3.  Modify User: Will redirect you to another page to select a user to edit and will then again redirect you to another page to modify the desired values.

-   Entry via File
    1.  Add Users: Takes a .csv file with line 1 containing the headers that specify a new user and a collection of .jpg photos named as the id number of the respective individual, the desired photos can not be in a selected folder. E.g. The photo for a user with their id = '1234', then a photo named '1234' is its respective photo. The program will then add users as according to the provided parameters.
    2.  Remove Users: Takes a .csv file with line 1 containing the header; 'id'. The program will then remove all users with each specified id.
    3.  Edit Users: Takes a .csv file with line 1 containing the header; 'id' and any parameter that is wished to be modified. The program will then modify users as according to the provided parameters.

Modify Stock
-   Automated Tasks
    1.  Reset Lost or Damaged Numbers: On click, this function will reset all of the lost or damaged numbers displayed on the stock page to 0. Please note that the record of lost or damage items will remain on an individuals record but will no longer be applicable to affect the stock numbers displayed. This is useful for correcting corrupt data.
    2.  Refresh and Recaculate Stock Tables: On click, this function will SUM all of the equipment currently recorded as on loan to an individual and assign the sums as the number of said item on loan. Then add the on loan and on shelf numbers and recaculate the total of each item. This is useful for correcting corrupt data.

-   Manual Entry
    1.  Add Stock: Will redirect you to another page, inquiring you to add a number of stock.
    2.  Remove Stock: Will redirect you to another page, inquiring you to remove a number of stock.
    3.  Add a Stock Item: Will redirect you to another page, inquiring you to a an item of stock.
    4.  Remove a Stock Item: Will redirect you to another page, inquiring you to remove an item of stock. This will remove it from personnel records but will not remove it from history of issuing.

-   Entry via File
    1.  Mass Issue of Stock: Takes a .csv file with line 1 containing 'id' and any other item that is wished to be issued. The next lines need contain the user's id and the rest having the number of each item that needs to be issued NOT the amount that they need to have after the issue.
    2.  Mass Return of Stock: Takes a .csv file with line 1 containing 'id' and any other item that is wished to be returned. The next lines need contain the user's id and the rest having the number of each item that needs to be returned NOT the amount that they need to have after the return.
    3.  Mass Declaration of Lost or Damaged: Takes a .csv file with line 1 containing 'id' and any other item that is wished to be declared lost or damaged. The next lines need contain the user's id and the rest having the number of each item that needs to be declared lost or damaged NOT the amount that they need to have after the declaration of lost or damaged.
